Introduction:
Sanjay wants to open an Indian Restaurant in Manhattan,New York. The success of
any restaurant depends on multiple factors like location, menu, interior,
consistency in taste and many other. Sanjay approached us to help him to find a
perfect location and menu for his restaurant. Using New York Neighborhood data
and foursquare api we could find the neighborhood details, restaurant ratings
and menu of each restaurant.We plan to find neighborhoods where there is good
Indian restaurant and get the characteristics of that neighborhood using data
analysis. Then we need to find neighborhoods with same character but with less
Indian restaurant presence.Using menu option in foursquare api fetch all the
menu from each restaurant and find the common items in best rating restaurant.
we could get an idea of what people like to have or what kind of food is more
popular. Using K mean clustering cluster those restaurants into groups according
 to the menu, price and ratings. it will help us to get a view among the
 restaurants.

Data
From NYU Spatial Repository data feed we get New York Borough and neighborhoods
data. Using geopy package we could get geo location like latitude and longitude
of each location Restaurant Names, Id, location, ratings and menu from
foursquare api

Methodology
We Used K Means clustering to group the same type of neighborhoods

Results
After comparing the neighborhood with top Indian restaurants and the same type
neighborhood with less restaurants we found below neighborhoods good to start
one

Washington Heights
Inwood
Hamilton Heights
Manhattan Ville
Central Harlem
Lenox Hill
Upper West Side
Chelsea
West Village
Financial District
Civic Center
Sutton Place
Turtle Bay

Discussion
We could use more features from api to find the ratings and menu of those
restaurants to find the best restaurants and the most famous menu they provide.
We could also group the result neighborhoods to find individual characteristics
 of those.


Conclusion
We found the best neighborhoods to start an Indian restaurant in Manhattan
using data science
